>>SEAN STONE: Psychic
spies in the astral realm,
let's enter the "Buzzsaw."
[THEME MUSIC]
Welcome to "Buzzsaw," where
we cut through the mainstream
narrative to explore the
twilight zones of reality.
I'm your host, Sean Stone,
and joining me today
is Major Ed Dames, the world's
foremost remote viewing
teacher.
He's a decorated military
intelligence officer
and an original member of the
US Army prototype Remote Viewing
Training Program.
He served as both training
and operations officer
for the US government's top
secret Psychic Espionage Unit.
So, Major Dames,
I have to ask you
to start, psychic
espionage, how did your unit
come into existence,
and what did it do?
>>ED DAMES: Well,
basically two reasons why--
the genesis of the unit was that
it was a tactic of desperation,
and I'll get into
that momentarily.
But the other reason was
the Russians were doing it.
[CHUCKLE]
No, no, really,
seriously, the Russians
were doing it, so we
had to do too because we
didn't want them to scoop us.
So that's how we started a
program at Stanford Research
Institute, now
SRI International,
to study the very,
very gifted psychics,
their cognitive behavior
when they were on target.
And we did that.
We modeled it,
and that model was
taught to military
officers like myself.
And my job was to take that
discovery in the laboratory
into the deep, dark
world of intelligence
and massage it into a useful
information collection tool
that we could use to develop
intelligence products.
And that's what we did.
The tactic of desperation
part, at the time
of the unit's
formative days, I was
at very high levels of
the US Intel, Office
of the Secretary of Defense.
So my job as a targeting
officer, a science
and technology
targeting officer,
was to choose our
targets, particularly
biological warfare, very
classified, top secret Russian
and Chinese targets, where
we couldn't penetrate them.
I had all these tools
at my disposal, agents
on the ground, very
exotic technologies,
and we couldn't get
into these programs.
So I was read-on, briefed,
about the existence
of this experimental unit,
a remote viewing unit.
And I started to use
their information
to cross-queue my other
systems to tip off satellites
and other agents to
look in certain places.
And we were able to
finally gain a foothold
into these very, very
secret Soviet programs,
nuclear weapons programs,
biological warfare programs,
those kinds of things.
And I became so
enthralled with this unit,
I stepped down from these
celestial levels of Intel
to take over as operations
and training officer.
And that was a 33 or so years
ago, and I'm still doing it.
>>SEAN: But not for the
government currently.
>>DAMES: I've done some
counterterrorist work
for the Russian
government recently.
It helped them catch a
jihadi terrorist that
planning on blowing up a stadium
for the upcoming World Cup,
but I haven't done any
work for the US military,
just for FBI and
local law enforcement.
>>SEAN: And so the work that you
are doing with the US military,
going back over 30
years, was basically
the psychic espionage,
meaning like remote viewing.
You'd basically have a
team working in a room
they would work on
visualizing a location,
or how did it actually work out?
>>DAMES: I was also
the training officer,
so I had to train the officers
and enlisted personnel
in this technology.
And that training took
about six months to do.
So today I train students to
work alone, completely alone,
but then we used monitors.
So as a training officer,
afterwards I became a monitor.
And I would give one of the
officers a blind target,
for instance a scud missile
launcher in a Czech forest
somewhere, to be able
to describe this,
if it had any new warheads
or something like that,
and they would not know
what the target is.
Their unconscious has been
taught to do all the work.
Conscious is one that says
out of the problem set.
It's a three part process,
setting up the target,
conducting a remote
viewing session
itself-- your eyes are
open, and you are awake.
Although we used altered
states in the past--
and analyzing the data.
So it's rather complex, but
it is very, very rigorous.
Remote viewing avails itself of
this natural, innate, psychic
faculty that we're born with.
I think most of
your viewers would
agree that animals and
people are born psychically.
So we take this
faculty, and we develop
into a skill, a very, very
rigorous, systematic skill.
>>SEAN: How much did the
MKUltra mind control programs
play into the origin of the
psychic espionage programs?
>>DAMES: None.
MKUltra and all that, that was
all chemical-induced states.
A remote viewing there's
no mind-expanding drugs.
The Russian GRU, the Soviet
military intelligence,
they tried to use Halcion,
LSD, mind-expanding drugs.
The problem with that is,
if you use Halcion or LSD,
it is mind expanding.
And if you think of the
process that we have,
it's an attention-management
tool, a mind-control tool.
We have to be in
absolute control of what
we pass back and forth
through our superconscious,
our unconscious.
You can't do that with-- well,
think of a modem on a computer.
If you take the modem
away, your laptop
has access to the
entire internet at once,
so there's no management
that's possible.
You're overwhelmed.
That's analogous,
I think, to what
a mind-expanding drug does.
When you try to induce an
altered state for information
collection reasons,
it can't work.
In fact, they killed a couple
of young troops doing this.
We know that from
inside information.
>>SEAN: And there was no origin.
You mentioned the
Russians were doing it.
But what about some of the
things about the Nazis,
with the Vril women for
example, who had the long hair,
and they were said
to be channels?
And were there other
indications the Nazis had ever
used any psychic espionage?
>>DAMES: I think many
of your listeners
know about the Ahnenerbe,
Hitler's occult forces too.
But the way we work has
nothing to do with that.
It's dry, but it's
very, very exacting.
While we're working, we
are not allowed to think.
There's no thinking
allowed whatsoever,
no running analysis.
If you even stop for a moment--
it's like playing the piano,
you do not think about the note
that you just played
or the note stops.
There's a pace in the
cadence for each one
of the stages in our
work, about 45 minutes
to 2 hours with breaks
if we need them,
and we can come back
to the target over,
and over, and over again
and collect as much detail
as we want.
>>SEAN: So did your work in
realm of the psychic realm
affect your belief systems
about the 3D realm?
Is it possible that things that
we do psychically or, let's
say, in other
dimensions of reality
can affect this reality?
>>DAMES: Yes, it
changed my life,
not only with regard to the
idea that you can know anything
with remote viewing,
within limits
that we could discuss
the technical,
but our sister science is PK,
psychokinesis, telekinesis,
moving things mind over matter.
And what I did was
use remote viewing
to model the
psychokinesis process.
And if you develop a model for
PK, you can teach that as well.
So this is consciousness,
consciousness tools.
That, as far as I'm
concerned, that's the future.
>>SEAN: So your unit
was also decommissioned?
>>DAMES: Yes, it became a real
hot potato, white elephant.
For instance, at Defense
Intelligence Agency,
where I was operations
and training officer,
three star generals in
charge of the agency
did not want to be associated
with the paranormal
and the occult. We
had replicability.
We were very, very
functional and useful
in terms of operations,
but there was no theory.
We did not meet the
Western scientific method,
which requires replicability
as well as a theory.
The Chinese don't have
to worry about this.
We can discuss that
if you want, but they
were afraid of their careers.
Once you get into star ranks,
you start to become political.
I don't think that there's any
problem with you understanding
that.
And so they did not
want to be associated
with something like this.
And so we were sent back to
the Army, then somewhere else,
and finally, it was disbanded.
>>SEAN: But given
that, as you said,
a lot of this effect
upon physical reality,
telekinesis things
like this, as you say,
are very important
to our future.
Don't you think
that this maybe went
to the black sector
of what's considered
like sort of black box,
black budget operations?
>>DAMES: We were black budget.
I was in black units
for most of my career.
>>SEAN: But could have
gone somewhere else
and you wouldn't know?
>>DAMES: No, I would have known,
and I'm the keeper of the keys.
I evolved this.
And, yes, I'm being
closely watched,
and they're going
to need this again.
But for the moment, I'm
the only game in town.
>>SEAN: So as far as the
official world of intelligence,
whether it's NSA,
CIA, military, you
would say that there's no
real exploration going on
of psychic effects upon physical
reality, Jedi-type of work?
>>DAMES: There is
with subcontractors.
That's the way we operate.
DOD doesn't have the license
or charter to study UFOs
and the paranormal.
So what they'll do is
take a defense contractor,
a beltway bandit, and
have them study it.
So, yes, some of
that's going on.
>>SEAN: Exactly as
recently was appointed
by the Defense
Department working
with guys like Robert Bigelow to
study the UFO phenomenon right?
>>DAMES: Well, I know Bob.
>>SEAN: But, again, I mean,
I know part of your interest
is the alien question.
>>DAMES: It's the
spice of life for me.
I'll return to that.
I have bucket list of some
very practical law enforcement
problems I have to
take care of first,
but, yeah, I'll return to that.
I spent a lot of time-- even
in the field, the former Crown
Prince of Liechtenstein,
Hans-Adam von Lichtenstein,
sponsored the project
that I had years ago.
We used remote viewing to find
a UFO hot zone in Chaco Canyon.
And I got to select some of
the US's finest scientists
and engineers.
The crown-prince
came out with me,
and we set up equipment
there to try to get a CE3.
We got CE2s, flybys,
but they wouldn't land.
Years later, we found out
why using remote viewing.
Project Blue Book, 10
working hypotheses,
all failed but using remote
viewing and consciousness
tools, we can get inside of
that other entities agenda.
And so, yeah, that's
a whole lot of fun.
>>SEAN: So when the
Defense Department
talks about-- basically
it's leaked that the Defense
Department has been spending
money studying the UFO
phenomenon, does this
indicate that our military,
that basically the
establishment figures really
don't know what's going on?
Or do you think there
is a relationship?
>>DAMES: They have no idea
in the world what's going on.
A remote viewing unit,
as an operations officer,
you can go back and
look at the records that
have been released.
And you'll see how much
work I did with my team
against the UFO
problem set and what
we learned from that,
which was a whole lot more
than traditional DOD tools and
apparatus could ever obtain.
>>SEAN: Well, what did you
learn about the ET phenomenon
through your work into
psychiatric research?
>>DAMES: Well, that would
take weeks and weeks
and weeks as a data dump.
There is a federation
out there, and we're not
in it, as the late
George Carlin would say.
And the way to get in it is
not to try to second guess
that lower levels
of the federation,
but to look to see if
they would allow Homo
sapiens to become a member.
But what are their protocols?
Not what do we think we
should do to gain members,
shoot one down with a
0.50 cal or whatever.
What should we do?
How should we meet?
And look at their protocols.
And because
consciousness, I believe,
is the lingua franca for
so many different species
and types of lifeform,
the commonality
is not math or gravity.
It's consciousness.
So these consciousness
tools really become
the foundation for contact.
And looking into the various
different entities that
are out there
observing us, what are
their protocols for contact?
Well, it turns out that we're
not mature enough, generally
speaking, to have contact.
They don't want anything to
do with us; want to observe
this madness down here.
But if you do display
an element of maturity,
in terms of their standards,
there will be contact.
So I'm looking forward
to doing that again.
>>SEAN: Would you
say that a lot of
the extra terrestrial phenomenon
is actually interdimensional?
Which is to say
that we contact them
more through the astral
than the physical planes?
>>DAMES: Well, that's
a misnomer actually.
I mean it's a non sequitur.
Most of the observed UFO
activity is interdimensional,
and they do have technology.
They're based particularly
in seamounts under the sea.
Inside the seamount
is very, very deep,
and they pop in and out
of that with technology.
They are interdimensional
in nature.
In fact, the Travis
Walton's experience--
>>SEAN: "Fire in the Sky?"
>>DAMES: Yeah.
Those entities were
interdimensional.
So the majority of what we
see in the sky come and go
or orbs, the recently
released Department
of Defense
photography, those are
interdimensional technologies.
So in terms of
extraterrestrials,
there's other things
that are going on.
For instance, crop
circles are formed
by extraterrestrial
sentient machines, machines
that were left behind by a race
and report back to their owners
periodically.
>>SEAN: So, again, in terms
of the astral possibilities,
working within the astral
realms of consciousness,
is that the easiest
way to contact--
>>DAMES: No, in
our work, anything
having to do with astral
travel, out-of-body experiences,
and things like that here,
it's not a mind tool.
It's a spiritual tool.
It has nothing to do
with remote viewing.
We tried to induce out-of-body
states in the unit.
And as operation, that's
very, very different modality
than sitting across the table
and watching a remote viewer
work.
Now we're in a darkened room,
I have to sit at a small table,
and the training is
very, very different.
Now, you've got to have a
subject laying in a bed.
They're trying to get
inside of biological warfare
plant in Russia using
an altered state.
But then they slip into an out
of body, and they're silent.
And they come back
in, and, sir, you
wouldn't believe what happened.
I was up here in the
ceiling looking down
at you working and
things like that.
And I'm, Wilson?
Yes, sir.
Did you get the information
on the botulinum toxin?
Sir, no, but you
should have seen.
So it was kind of not useful,
so we abandoned that tact.
[CHUCKLE]
True story.
>>SEAN: But in the process of
these out-of-body experiences
and the astral journeys
were there ET contacts?
>>DAMES: There was
one that killed--
the former operations
officer for the Army unit,
unfortunately, put one of--
because you have absolute
trust in your monitor
when you do this.
You're in an altered state,
and they're steering you.
The technology is difficult
to explain at the moment.
But they're steering you.
The former operations
officer put this guy inside
of that Travis Walton
particular vehicle.
We don't use the
term vehicle, object.
And there were five
entities inside there
that did not look human at all.
So now he's bilocating.
It means that not all of
his conscious awareness,
but about 80% of it is now
inside that particular object,
and he's trapped with these
five things, entities, there.
And he had a heart
attack and died.
>>SEAN: Your guy did?
>>DAMES: Yeah,
because he thought
he was going into another
top secret Russian laboratory
or directed energy facility
or something like that.
And all of a sudden
the operations officer
slipped him a mickey and
put him inside of a UFO.
>>SEAN: So how do you
know he was there?
He reported seeing
it and then he died?
>>DAMES: The operations
officer gave him
that as a particular target.
This is the trained
remote viewer.
>>SEAN: Yeah, but did he
report back before dying?
He reported back
what he was seeing?
>>DAMES: Just momentarily.
And then he was
dead, heart attack.
>>SEAN: There's obviously--
we talked about entities
and extra terrestrials,
but also there's
guardian angels that
you would say that are
real and being encountered.
>>DAMES: Yes.
>>SEAN: And what
is their signature?
And how do they function?
>>DAMES: If you're looking
up what is their signature,
they're in another dimension.
They are mathematically
different.
So if you have your own guardian
angel, it's an oblique about 45
degrees behind you and
about six feet away.
If it wanted to pop into this
reality in the material world,
that's where it would
come in, that vector.
And their job is to
protect you so that you
can achieve some
destiny rather than meet
a fate, which most people do.
But in terms of you
interacting with them, no.
They interact with
you when they need to.
>>SEAN: So it would seem
that this guy that basically
reported being inside the craft,
that had a heart attack from
fear, presumably, from what he
saw with these alien beings--
>>DAMES: Did not have
a guardian angel.
>>SEAN: Well, that
maybe was his destiny.
>>DAMES: I totally
agree with you.
Yeah, it could have been.
>>SEAN: Because it seems that
you do believe that the future
is fixed, that we essentially
cannot change that.
>>DAMES: No, I believe that
very, very large things,
the things that loom very
large in the future, stuff
that the prophets of
old had seen, are fixed.
But in terms of epiphenomena,
these little things,
day-to-day life
and whether or not
you choose to eat at
this restaurant or that,
is, for the most
part, not fixed.
It's loose.
It's wiggly, fuzzy.
>>SEAN: Right, so we have
basic benchmarks that
have to be hit,
but in the journey
to get there different roads.
>>DAMES: Sean, they
don't have to be hit.
They already exist in time.
They're there.
The mind is outside of time.
When I remote view,
I have to have
temporal qualifiers to lock
in past, present, or future.
Otherwise, the mind looks down
on this broad panoply of events
through time.
Your life, for instance,
if I wanted to remote view
you or you wanted
to remote view me,
then I have to dictate
to the superconscious
that I want you in
the present time.
Otherwise, it can pick
you up wherever it wants.
Enter at the infant, a neonate--
>>SEAN: So are you time
traveling in a sense
when you remote view?
>>DAMES: I don't like
the word traveling
so much because we're
not going anywhere
when we're remote viewing.
All the information is
present in superconscious.
Our brain is an oscillator.
It's plugged in to the
global mind, universal minds.
So you can think of
it as the mind of God.
All the information is there.
And life is short, so we
have to pick our problem sets
and what we want to study
carefully because there's
only so much time to do that.
But, no, we're really
not time traveling,
but we can see over the
horizon-wise into the future
and certainly into the past.
>>SEAN: Right, so
essentially it's
as though all time
is present to us now.
And essentially when people
talk about the Akashic records,
the idea of tapping into
the Akashic records,
you can basically
see past and future.
It's like a bird's-eye view, as
opposed to walking it where we
are here on Earth.
We can't see as far
forward and backward.
>>DAMES: It's
something like that.
And the idea of
linear time that we
have down here where the
rubber meets the road--
expressing an idea, if I want
to express an idea in English,
the concatenation
of subject, verb,
object as I lead up
to my expression--
all that linear
time is an illusion.
That's not the way
time really exists.
>>SEAN: So how does it exist?
>>DAMES: Time is real.
We can't understand it.
We don't understand it.
We don't even understand
consciousness yet.
Remember, what I
do, I do it well.
I'm the best that there
is, I think, right now
until I train others
to replace me.
But we don't understand
how we're doing it.
Really, we're going leave that
to the academicians to do that.
Yes, we have a model.
Otherwise, we couldn't
teach it, but we
don't know how were doing it.
>>SEAN: So because
it's so fuzzy--
essentially, we know
from quantum physics
that when we become conscious
of things we affect them.
So how would you say psychic
espionage and potentially
viewing other people's realities
could actually potentially
affect their reality?
Could the effect have
consequence in their life?
>>DAMES: It actually does.
Because if you have
knowledge of something,
then you can act on that.
That's at the minor
level, the lower level.
But in terms of
higher levels too,
if you're interacting
with the inertia
of this particular
thing, then there's
a gravitational field
around it that forms.
And as the Earth
moves, as it turns,
this thing stays
the same way, and it
looks like it moves this way.
So there's other
stuff that goes on
that we still don't understand.
But who wants to
know everything?
I'd shoot myself.
Look at the mystery and
the awe and all the wonder
in the enigma that's fun.
That's the spice of life.
I don't want to know everything.
[CHUCKLE]
>>SEAN: In terms
of, again, I want
to go back to this remote
viewing and the interaction
with extraterrestrials
because there is certainly
an ET presence here.
I think any thoughtful
person is aware of that.
>>DAMES: I agree.
>>SEAN: Do you look
at it all as benign?
Or do you think there's also
a malevolent faction to it?
>>DAMES: Most of the activity
is sentient machines.
You're not really dealing with
humanoid-types or carbon-based
lifeforms.
You're dealing with machines.
They have been left
here to monitor us
or based on Mars or the
moon those kinds of things.
So you have sentient machines.
>>SEAN: So the
sentient machines,
are they piloted by things
like the Greys and others
that people have described?
>>DAMES: No, the
Greys are connected
with interdimensionals.
The machines themselves,
they're on autopilot.
They know what they're doing.
>>SEAN: Are they UFOs?
>>DAMES: Yes.
>>SEAN: These are the UFOs?
>>SEAN: And they
are parked usually
inside the oceans you're saying?
>>DAMES: One of
the funny instances
I have was the Navy Chief
of Staff for Intelligence
came up to Fort
Meade and asked me
what these-- they had
a satellite photograph
of two glowing white
spheres, big ones, orbs,
over a Soviet boomer, a
Soviet nuclear submarine.
Can you take a look at these?
What are these?
Because they're over ours too.
So we spent a week on that.
And he comes back,
well, what do you have?
And I said, well, you know what?
They're not from around here.
You mean they're Chinese?
No, they're not
from around here.
They're real, but they're not--
so he said, oh,
thank you very much.
And we didn't see him again.
He doesn't know what
to do the stuff.
They're throwing their hands up.
The government
itself, don't forget,
does not want to admit
that it doesn't know.
If you have a government,
it has to know everything.
Your scientists have to
be able to explain to you
what just happened, whatever.
A government can't
say we don't know.
>>SEAN: But do you think--
you mentioned Project
Blue Book and other things
that have been talked about
in the past, where there was
a supposition that the
government would utilize an ET
threat or the fear
of extra terrestrials
for weaponization of space.
Do you think that
that's part of what's
happening with the disclosure
and why these things
are being leaked now?
The Defense Department and Navy
videos of UFO craft, I mean,
are they trying to move us
to a position of being afraid
of these beings?
>>DAMES: I don't know, Sean.
I don't know what they're doing,
and I haven't had time to look.
I'm not sure.
>>SEAN: But, again, going back
to the nature of the future,
you talked about future events.
Essentially, they're benchmarks
and things like this.
Have you, through
your remote viewing,
been able to conceive of future
events for our planet or for us
as humans?
>>DAMES: Only geophysical.
Geophysical events are
extremely easy to remote view
in the future.
Because your unconscious,
your superconscious,
it's your best friend.
And its highest priority
is to keep you alive.
Guardian angels have
a different priority.
But your unconscious mind,
it's the little one at night
when you sleep that
tries to tell you
that you have pancreatic
cancer or this, that,
and the other thing.
But your dreams
are all mucked up,
and you wake up and not
getting the message.
But it's your best friend.
And when we use that
particular best friend
to look over the
horizon, and it says
don't be here in this place
because of an earthquake,
or don't be here because
of a war, or whatever,
the big events are
pretty easy to see.
It's simply because
your best friend
is trying to keep you alive.
>>SEAN: Sure.
But are there any future
events that you could tell us
about that you've previewed?
>>DAMES: This is one I have
talked about very often.
It's our own star
going on a rampage
and producing very,
very large solar flares
that take down power grids
in many places in the world.
And that leads to a
"Mad Max" scenarios.
Very many people suffer.
>>SEAN: And this as
far in the future?
Or near?
>>DAMES: It doesn't look
like it's too far away.
>>SEAN: So it would
be clear that this
is an important skill.
Remote viewing is
an important skill.
Basically it's that we are by
nature and by birth psychically
attuned.
But essentially it's
programmed in us
through the course of our life.
A, how important is it to
teach and educate people
in the remote viewing skills?
And how would you
go about doing so?
>>DAMES: Start with children.
I mean, this should be
taught in elementary school.
When I teach adults,
it feels to them
as if they're back
in elementary school,
do this, do that grammar school.
But it should be
taught to children.
Because children are the
future, and remote viewing
is direct knowledge.
So it's a world without secrets,
and that's very, very scary
to people that don't
want it to be exposed.
And you know who I mean.
So, yeah, it should
start with children.
>>SEAN: It can make the
world more transparent.
I mean, we're moving in that
direction with technology,
so it would make sense
that psychologically
and psychically we should
be able to have abilities.
>>DAMES: I agree, but
we're moving that way
in terms of technology.
But you've got the
elite out there,
I think they're called
these days the deep state,
that needs to control that.
If you want to
control the world,
you better control information,
education, food, energy,
and they're trying
their best to do it.
But you can't stop someone
from remote viewing.
You cannot.
>>SEAN: Speaking
of food, does diet
play a role into achieving
optimal psychic abilities?
>>DAMES: Absolutely not.
It's irrelevant.
Diet has no bearing whatsoever.
There's a couple of impediments.
For instance, I had an
office in Beverly Hills,
and I trained a lot
of Hollywood-types.
And there were a
lot of pot smokers.
Heavy duty pot smoking,
what happens in the higher
stages of remote viewing, you go
in the stream of consciousness,
and so it's a real
impediment to learning.
Other than that.
>>SEAN: You're
saying pot actually
makes an impediment to your
ability to remote view?
>>DAMES: Yeah, higher level
skills, yes, strong use of pot.
>>SEAN: And is there
anything in particular
that you feel your
work is going forth?
What is the most
important mission
you're on at this point?
>>DAMES: The most
important mission
that I have as my
legacy is to leave
behind the knowledge
of how to remove view
and how important it is.
I have some personal things,
but that's very important.
And also, since AI is going to
supplant so many different jobs
in so many different
venues on Earth--
let's face it.
It's going to happen--
robots will need an
excuse to keep us around.
They'll be able to
teach remote viewing.
If they watch me
teach remote viewing,
they'll be able to teach,
perhaps better than I,
based upon the feedback
from the student.
But they won't be
able to remove view
because they don't have a mind.
They have a processor
that's very, very fast.
But they don't have
a mind, and mind
is required for remote viewing.
>>SEAN: Consciousness
is the key,
and we're becoming more
of a global consciousness.
So it's an amazing time.
Thank you so much
for joining me today.
>>DAMES: The pleasure is mine.
It was a pleasure to meet you.
>>SEAN: Absolutely, thank you.
And that is all the time we
have for this week's "Buzzsaw."
To further your understanding
on remote viewing techniques
used in psychic espionage,
visit learnrv.com.
I'm your host, Sean Stone.
And remember, you
are the revolution.
[THEME MUSIC]